Docs: Detter documentation for Handles Pallet (#2187)
frequency-chain/frequency: pallets/handles/README.md

Provides MSAs with an optional, but unique handle.

A handle consists of:
- **Base Handle:** The user's chosen handle. It is *not* guaranteed to be unique without the suffix. It is linked to a normalized version for Handle to MSA Id resolution. See [Normalization Details](#normalization-details) below.

> - **Suffix:** A suffix is a unique numeric value appended to a user's base handle to make it unique.

Reviewer: "The suffix is a numeric value appended to the user's base handle to ensure the display handle (base handle + suffix) is unique."

Author: ```suggestion
- **Suffix:** The suffix is a numeric value appended to the user's base handle to ensure the display handle (base handle + suffix) is unique.
```

- **Suffix:** A suffix is a unique numeric value appended to a user's base handle to make it unique.
- **Display Handle:** The user's original (un-normalized, but with whitespace trimmed and consolidated) base handle string and the suffix together (`base`.`suffix`) constitute a unique identifier for a user.

### UTF-8 Support
### Suffixes

> Handles are able to have many allowed ranges of UTF-8.

Reviewer: Handles may...

Some ranges, such as emoji, are currently not allowed.
Due to the handling of homoglyphs, some handles will resolve to the same value.
For example, while the display may have diacriticals or homoglyphs, the handle is stored with diacriticals and homoglyphs normalized.

> So `Zoë.35` and `Zoe.35` will both resolve to the same MSA Id.

Reviewer: Thus ... would.

> TO allow multiple users to select the same handle, a distinguishing unique suffix is appended to to form the Display Handle.

Reviewer: In order to allow multiple users to select the same Base Handle, a unique numeric Suffix is appended to the Base Handle to form the Display Handle.

Author: ```suggestion
In order to allow multiple users to select the same base handle, a unique numeric suffix is appended to the Base Handle to form the Display Handle.
```

> TO allow multiple users to select the same handle, a distinguishing unique suffix is appended to to form the Display Handle.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A unique numeric suffix is appended to the base handle to form the display handle, allowing multiple users to select the same base handle.
```

> Thus for example, if there are two users who choose the handle `alice`, one would be `alice.57` and the other `alice.84`.

Reviewer: Remove thus or put a comma after it.

Author: ```suggestion
For example, if there are two users who choose the handle `alice`, one would be `alice.57` and the other `alice.84`.
```
